Opportunity spec (#85)
Element84/stat-api-spec: spec/opportunity/README.md

# STAT Opportunity Spec

The STAT Opportunity descripes a window of opportunity available for ordering.

To know which constraints are available for which *product_id*, a user would have to first explore the [product](../product/README.md).

Before ordering a user would be able to explore the opportunities which are available for chosen order configuration. The opportunities are 
represented in a FeatureCollection, with order specific attributes and values in the feature properties.
An example json response can be found [here](../examples/tasking-api/opportunities-response.json).

## Opportunity fields

> This object describes a STAC Item. The fields `id`, `type`, `bbox`, `geometry` and `properties` are
> inherited from GeoJSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This object describes a STAT Opportunity. The input fields will be contained `properties` of each Feature in the GeoJSON response.
```

| geometry   | [GeoJSON Geometry Object](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7946#section-3.1) \| [null](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7946#section-3.2) | **REQUIRED.** Defines the full footprint of the asset represented by this item, formatted according to [RFC 7946, section 3.1](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7946#section-3.1). The footprint should be the default GeoJSON geometry, though additional geometries can be included. Coordinates are specified in Longitude/Latitude or Longitude/Latitude/Elevation based on [WGS 84](http://www.opengis.net/def/crs/OGC/1.3/CRS84). |
| bbox       | \[number]                                                                  | **REQUIRED if `geometry` is not `null`.** Bounding Box of the asset represented by this Item, formatted according to [RFC 7946, section 5](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7946#section-5). |
| properties | [Properties Object](#properties-object)                                    | **REQUIRED.** A dictionary of additional metadata for the Item. |
| links      | \[[Link Object](#link-object)]                                             | List of link objects to resources and related URLs. |

> | constraints | Map<string, \[\*]\|[Range Object](#range-object)\|[JSON Schema Object](#json-schema-object)> | A map of opportunity constraints, either a set of values, a range of values or a JSON Schema. |

Reviewer: My understanding is that this is meant to be the **input** to `/opportunities`. In that case I think it should exactly match what you have on order/README.md
